Privacy Policy

Jay Rambhia built the Flutter app as a open source app. This SERVICE is provided by Jay Rambhia at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform website visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.
If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation with this policy. The Personal Information that I collect are used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

Information Collection and Use
The app does not collect any personally identifiable information. The app does uses Google analytics service to improve and provide a better app for the users.

Log Data
I want to inform you that whenever you use my Service, your app usage is tracked. This Log Data may include information such as your devices’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, configuration of the app when utilising my Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.

Security
I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

Changes to This Privacy Policy
I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately, after they are posted on this page.

Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about the Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me.

This Privacy Policy page was created at https://privacypolicytemplate.net